so dave had to sneak into his mom's
computer to delete some emails he
accidentally sent her
his mom had a bad memory so she always
had
notes with her passcodes luckily the
note was right there again
saying 98.68 dave entered the passcode
but it was wrong why and what's the
actual passcode
the note was just turned upside down the
is 89.86 stephanie came home after a
long day at work
she was very excited to finally eat her
favorite
chocolate she had been dreaming about
all day but the chocolate was gone
stephanie interrogated each of her
family members
her husband said i just got home from
work too
and haven't eaten anything all day her
daughter della said
i was studying all day and didn't eat
anything too
della's twin brother arnie said it
wasn't me
who ate the chocolate
[Music]
take a closer look at della's desk
there's a chocolate wrapper
but she said she didn't eat anything she
must have lied
a grocery store manager noticed that
recently
they started to lose watermelons he
suggested that there is a watermelon
thief coming at the store from time to
time
he opened one of the security videos and
could immediately tell who the thief was
look at the picture and try to guess who
is the culprit
look at the guy in the middle he has a
ball in his hands
but he's holding it like it's very heavy
usually
balls aren't heavy so it must be a
watermelon
tom and mark came to the job audition
the company doesn't want to hire parents
because
they need full commitment both men said
that they're not parents
but one of them is lying can you tell
[Music]
who
it's mark take a closer look at his hand
there's a pink scrunchie on it
he must have done his daughter's hair
before the audition
mrs smith invited her neighbors over for
a fancy dinner
she used her best tea set in silver
cutlery and cooked a great meal
however during the dinner she realized
that one of her neighbors
is a vampire who is the vampire and
how did she understand it
the vampire is the one who brought his
own plastic spoon
and is eating with it instead of with
mrs smith's silver cutlery
that's because vampires are afraid of
silver
four friends met after the summer break
and talked about how their summer went
toby was bragging about the months he
spent in chile
and how hot it was there however his
friends didn't believe him
and called him a liar why
[Music]
chile is located in the southern
hemisphere during the summertime
it's winter there toby said it was hot
which
can't be true three friends blair
chloe and now were walking all day
around town
they found a beautiful but dusty house
where no one lived
they entered it and started to take
pictures in the evening they were
scrolling through the pictures
and one of them made a scream take a
look at the photos
and say which one scared them and why
it's the first picture there was no one
in the house except for the girls
but on that picture there all three of
them together
snapped from behind michelle was having
a birthday party
she noticed her brother was eating in
his room with some girl
however she didn't know who it was she
got very curious
so after they left she sneaked into his
room to find some hints there were three
girls at her party
jasmine sydney and nicole michelle
immediately guessed who her brother was
dating can you
her brother was dating jasmine look at
the dishes in the cutlery
there's a lipstick stain on the fork
jasmine is the only one
wearing pamela is a lawyer
and samantha is a journalist can you
guess which one of these women
is a mother
take a look at the background on the
wall behind samantha
there's some colorful marker scribbles
she must be a mother
gianna was getting ready for her day
suddenly the lights in her
apartment went off she was almost ready
and only needed her gloves
it was dark and she couldn't find a
fitted pair
she only had gloves of two colors brown
and black
she was already late so she decided to
leave
taking several gloves with her how many
gloves should she take with her to be
sure there's a pair of the same color
she just needs three even if the first
two are of a different color
the third one will either be black or
brown matching the other one
a police officer was following a robber
around the city
suddenly the robber entered the hospital
and disappeared
when the police officer entered the
building there were three workers
one of them must be a robber who dressed
up to pretend to be a doctor
can you tell who
[Music]
it's the man in the middle look at his
badge there's a picture of a woman on it
he must have worn the first pair of
clothes he noticed
it was christmas morning and the whole
family was home
when bailey returned in her room after
watching her show on tv
she found that someone stole all the
presents she had been wrapping
she questioned every person in the house
her mom said that she had been making
dinner
her dad said he had been mowing the lawn
her brother said he had been playing
video games in his room
who stole the presents
[Music]
it was bailey's dad it's winter and we
could see that it's snowing outside
he just couldn't mow the lawn
in the arts museum the lights went off
for a couple of minutes
when they came back on the most
expensive painting was missing
the detective arrived and started the
investigation
there were three suspects and he
questioned each of them
jessica a dance teacher said that she
had been so scared when the lights went
off
that she couldn't even move and for sure
didn't touch anything derek a journalist
said he'd been in the bathroom at the
time collins
an engineer said he had been in a
different room of the museum
watching the dinosaur fossil who's lying
it's collins it's an art museum there
are no
dinosaur exhibitions can you tell who's
not a real werewolf
it's actually the guy who looks like a
werewolf werewolves only turn into
wolves during the time of the full moon
and at night it's daytime now so the guy
must be just wearing a costume esme was
having a walk in the forest
after the dawn she tried to find her way
back home but got lost
finally she came across a witch's house
and asked her to take her home
the witch agreed to help her but only if
ismae solved her riddle
if not she'd have to stay with the witch
forever
the witch took an apple tied a string to
it and held it
she asked is may to cut the string in
half so that the apple didn't fall down
however esme couldn't touch the apple or
hold it
how could she do it
esme should tie a knot in the middle of
the string
make it into a loop and then cut the
apple
the time police have found out that
there's a time traveler who uses the
time machine more often than allowed
they tracked him and followed him to the
stone age can you guess
who's the time traveler
it's this guy who's wearing sneakers
sneakers in the stone age
really brown was robbed in the street
the culprit hit him on the right side of
his head and ran away with his wallet
mr brown didn't see who it was but he
noticed that the person entered a nearby
hospital
when he entered there were three people
sitting there
take a close look at them and tell who
was the culprit
mr brown was hit on the right side of
his face
this means that the robber is
left-handed look at where the bags stand
next to those people the first woman has
her purse on the left side of her
which means it must have been her
for her birthday sienna got a beautiful
hairpin
she brought it to school and showed it
to her friends during lunch
then she left for the bathroom and when
she returned
the hairpin was gone take a look at the
pictures before
and after and tell which of her friends
stole it
look at the glass of juice of the
red-haired girl
it looks like there's more juice on the
later picture
no there's not she just put a hairpin in
the glass
[Music]
mr green got in a car accident and spent
a month in the hospital
he got amnesia and partially forgot
things
he didn't have any family and after a
month he finally returned home
he found a street but then he realized
he didn't remember which of the two
houses was actually his
can you guess which one it was
his house is the one where the snow is
unshoveled
he spent a month in the hospital and
lives alone so
no one could clean the driveway look at
the christmas photos of two families
can you tell which family is poor
[Music]
the poor family is the second one even
though the sun has a big present
the parents don't have any presence at
all they probably couldn't afford to buy
presents for themselves